Update kafka extension docs with (expected) changes. (#284)
AxonIQ/reference-guide: extensions/kafka.md

}
```

> Note that as with any tracking event processor, the progress on the event stream is stored in a `TrackingToken`. Using the `StreamableKafkaMessageSource` means a `KafkaTrackingToken` containing topic-partition to offset pairs is stored in the `TokenStore`. If no other `TokenStore` is provided, and autoconfiguration is used a `KafkaTokenStore` will be used, instead of an `InMemoryTokenStore`. The `KafkaTokenStore` by default uses the `__axon_token_store_updates` topic. This should be a compacted topic, which should be created and configured automatically.

Reviewer: Minor suggestion here:

```suggestion
Note that as with any tracking event processor, the progress on the event stream is stored in a `TrackingToken`. Using the `StreamableKafkaMessageSource` means a `KafkaTrackingToken` containing topic-partition to offset pairs is stored in the `TokenStore`. If no other `TokenStore` is provided, and auto-configuration is used, a `KafkaTokenStore` will be set instead of an `InMemoryTokenStore`. The `KafkaTokenStore` by default uses the `__axon_token_store_updates` topic. This should be a compacted topic, which should be created and configured automatically.
```

> * A `DefaultKafkaMessageConverter` using the configured `eventSerializer` \(which defaults to `XStreamSerializer`\).

Author: Added it's the default.
